#English
The developers are subjected to the GPLv2.

The service provider or data operation organization are obligated to guarantee:
 1: release all data belongs the user without denying to the user who requested; the data should be removed from the position that user hasn't authorized.
 2：as user send the data, it should be sent to the final user without denying; strictly stand with the neutral position and so will never provide any comments or tips.
 3: release the general information and the physical location of the server which transfer and store the user's data, to the user.
 4: release the source code of the software which will read and operate the user's data, to the public at least before deployment.
 5: inform the user and the public in advance with details of user's data that accessed by closed source software.
 6: inform the user and the public immediately with details of the server and the software that they install, change, configure or remove.
 7: inform the user or the public immediately with details of any organization or person request accessing the user's data.
 8: inform the user and the public with who will access the user data with noticeable and direct notice regarding who possibility, how and when will utilize its data.
 9: only after user allowed, then can read, operate and store user's data for only one time designated purpose, then remove the data radically.
10: any time, keep the user's original data, so users can transplant the data to anywhere without damage.
11: any time, store and transfer user's data across instance with encryption.
12: remove the data related to the user when the user remove its account, simultaneously inform the organization that obtained the data remove the data immediately.
13: will not release or rerelease the user's data to any other organization, cooperated organization or person.
14: allow and serve the representatives of these users censor the operation that process the user's data.
15: completely and permanently clear the user's data before you are terminated.
16: the user's data will not exist or store on the server that in or being controlled by the organization or the country which is censoring or suppressing freedom speech.

Client user will not subject restriction:
